#403 pipeline-invocation-service java17 upgrade (#416)
boozallen/aissemble: DRAFT_RELEASE_NOTES.md

   </parent>
   ```

### Split Data Records for the Spark Pipeline
If your spark pipeline is using `aissemble-data-records-separate-module` profile for your data records, you must add the `<version>` tag for
the `jackson-mapper-asl` dependency artifact in the root pom.xml file to enable the build.
```xml
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.codehaus.jackson</groupId>
            <artifactId>jackson-mapper-asl</artifactId>

>   +         <version>${version.jackson.mapper.asl}</version>

Reviewer: S: We should just update the MDA template for this.

Reviewer: Ah, this is one of the changes we can't make via Baton because the project will be in a broken state as soon as they set the build-parent version to 1.10.

        </dependency>
```

## Conditional Steps

> ### New Pipeline Invocation Service Account

Reviewer: A:
```suggestion
### For projects that have customized the Spark Operator Service Account permissions
```

> The service account for pipeline invocation service is separated from spark operator. It's now configured solely for the pipeline invocation chart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The service account for the pipeline invocation service is now separated from spark operator and configured solely for the service.
```

> If you have custom configuration for the `spark-operator`, you will need to migrate the related changes to the  `pipeline-invocation-service`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you added any custom configurations to the `sparkoperator` service account pertaining to the pipeline invocation service, you will need to migrate the related changes to the new `pipeline-invocation-service-account`. 
```

> Refer to Pipeline Invocation Helm Chart [README](https://github.com/boozallen/aissemble/blob/dev/extensions/extensions-helm/extensions-helm-pipeline-invocation/aissemble-pipeline-invocation-app-chart/README.md) for detail.

Reviewer: A: We shouldn't manually wrap here, as the Releases section on GH does it automatically, and actually doesn't play well with manual wraps.

Author: yeah that was meant for one line but it seems break to another line.
